date,title
2018-03-27,"Joel Burton has recently joined the Rithm Team as part of our instruction team, teaching and supporting students throughout the course as they take the leap into full-stack web development. Here we learn a little bit more about Joel, his role on the team and his advice to all aspiring web developers."
2018-03-19,"Anna-Brit came to Rithm School (and graduated last month!) after dabbling in self-taught coding for years. Anna-Brit took some time from their current job search to share more about their experience with us at Rithm, advice for students, and their perspective on their company project with Groupmuse:"
2018-02-28,"Recently, we've decided to grow the services we offer to students. One of the most significant changes involves our transition to bring the outcomes component of the curriculum in-house. More on that here if you’re interested."
2018-02-20,"The most important tool for developers is that which lets us author code: the development environment. At Rithm School, we think it’s essential for all of our students to be on the same page as our instructors in using the same development environment. Thus, we are going to recommend using Visual Studio Code for our current and future students. Here’s why."
2018-02-06,"When you're working closely with students every day, you get really good at debugging. I pretty much see bugs all day everyday. Some are standard issues that I came across when I was learning the material myself, while others are really strange edge cases I may never have discovered on my own."
2018-01-31,"At Rithm, we believe that one of the best ways to prepare students for jobs as web developers is by giving them opportunities to work on real-world projects. Working on personal projects can be fun, but working in a team or on an existing code base gives students insights into the day-to-day challenges of a developer that they might not otherwise learn. Our 5th cohort is nearing the end of working on these projects, so we spoke with our students Allie Antkowiak and Stephen Carrera to get their perspective on the experience."
2018-01-24,"In this blog post series, we will build a concrete roadmap to help you get started understanding the basics of programming. More importantly, we’ll help you figure out if coding is something you really want to do!"
2018-01-18,"Jeremy Evans-Smith recently made the move from Oakland, to Michigan, then back to Oakland in a serendipitous series of events to join us as our Career Services Manager here at Rithm School. When he’s not busy setting up our new in-house outcomes program, he enjoys camping & wine tasting in the North Bay, dabbling in code, and curating Spotify playlists that everyone loves. "
2018-01-10,"The difference between a computer science degree versus a coding bootcamp is something I often get asked about. I have put quite a bit of thought into it, since I have a second B.S. in Computer Science via OSU’s online professional CS program and have been teaching at Rithm for nearly 6 months."
2018-01-02,Happy 2018! We're excited to continue training exceptional developers in the coming year.
